hey guys what's up its Robin again from
deco maniac and today I am going to
share with you a trick they that would
enable you to play one of my favorite
games on android and of course it's on
iphone as well it's called angry birds
and it's a pity really that it does not
work as smoothly as it does on the
iphone 4 of course it's a very powerful
phone or other higher-end Android
devices so it really stutters a lot on
the lower end android devices and i'm
going to share with you some tricks
which will enable you to play angry
birds on your low-end phone where it's
quite smoothly it's not as smooth as of
course the higher and higher end phones
but but it's just certainly becomes
label after applying those tricks so
first let's have a look how the game
performs with the default settings one
point of advice though whichever android
phone you have and in this case I am I
he waa hoo ie adios you may have another
low and low end android phone you should
download the angry birds app from the
efficient market of Google instead of
downloading an ape APK file from the
dread the reason is that the the version
particular version available in the
market would be specifically customized
according to your phone and the
resolution I remember I had downloaded
one from some file sharing websites and
it really perform horribly on my phone
but as soon as I saw that the game is
available on the android market i
uninstalled previous version and
installed the one from the market so
let's have a look how the game perform
without any modifications so as my phone
even notice i have turned on the light
so that we can focus on the screen let's
start up angry birds with the default
settings
there it is let's start leghul this one
this when I perform badly just try that
one here you can see if I slide it to
the right screen is not moving as fast
that their moves try it again you can
see there's a lot of lag it's totally
jerky you can see there stuttering very
badly
now let's go back
so the first thing you need to do to
make the gameplay smooth is to turn off
all the connections this is basically
done to get rid of the ads that come
between the game those ads use of your
network traffic and your processing
power and therefore have at all on the
game and it slows down so let's turn all
connections off you press the power
button for a few seconds and you get
this option you switch to airplane mode
there you go now all connections are off
one more thing that you need to do is
kill all the background tasks which are
running which you can easily do with a
background task killer I have one
installed here which is called advanced
task killer you can find it in the
market and the link is also in the
information box below the video so let's
kill all the tasks you can see it says
one apps killed an 84 mb memory
available now let's start up Angry Birds
now one more thing that you need to do
is you have to remove the background I
don't think it's really needed and it
doesn't affect the gameplay as all so
let's turn that off you go to settings
and click this small value here with
mountains you can see that already the
game has sped up a bit the animations
are much smoother and you can see there
and the background is gone but I don't
have a problem with that let's start of
11 you know what you can already feel
that the game is much faster yes notable
level you can see you read up very fast
and you can see that the animations are
very smooth and not at all jerky
and I can put on that way easily let's
try a target you can see that it's much
better and it's not stuttering that much
as compared to what it was before let's
try it in much better gaming experience
and get that so there you go some tricks
to smoothen the gameplay of angry birds
on a low end android phone like the one
I have here who I Aereo's and I really
hope that you enjoy playing angry birds
as much as I do see you next time